hey I'm Stephen and I'm going to show
you how to get any sort of video on your
iPhone or iPod Touch it's really simple
go to a Google web page and type in haan
be are a ke and it'll be the first one
on the list just click download
everything click click yeah click
download then you'll come to this web
page windows 2000 XP Vista it look like
this oh yeah it supports mac to get GUI
school either half download right there
once that's downloaded you'll have this
it's really easy its trees before you
shouldnt have any mishaps so next thing
you do is you go to source then e or
whatever your drive is and just click
that it should say this ji ji Li is
about to read your source this process
can take up to one minute nekkid once
this is downloaded it should say video
TS or something like that and click
through sets and go to iphone and ipod
touch click that then um then click
start we're done once this is done of
course you probably want to know how to
get it onto I um onto iTunes so simple
you drag the file or hold on
you drag for me it's a victory part 1 I
made the video and I just slide it over
here in to your playlist put it right
there victory part 1 pretty simple
straightforward and it's done there it
is then you should be able to play the
video this works for dvds anything but I
made that I made this from a video file
it's trying to see driver that is my
brother's video and I accorded it for
him so to get a video file if you
created it something with the video
camera not a DVD you go to video file
pictures get video file and then you
click pictures is right there then you
click whatever file was then you just
click on that for me it was a victory so
take to read victory victory why are you
ah victory then you click on the thing
whatever you made double click it and
then you simply click start after you've
made all your preset and I suggest one
more thing for it for all the users make
sure you Ilan zoom out make constant
quality to max it'll take longer but
it's well worth it trust me thank you
for watching and about X YouTube